Drupal Association South Africa
===============================

Agenda 2016-01-20
-----------------

1.1. Attending / Apologies
--------------------------

    Person    Attending ✔ / ✘ Apologies
    ===================================

    Governing Board

    Greg McKeen         ✔ / ✘
    Ingrid Talbot       ✔ / ✘
    Jason Lewis         ✔ / ✘
    Johan du Bois       ✔ / ✘
    Lee Taylor          ✔ / ✘
    Renate Ehlers       ✔ / ✘
    Riaan Burger        ✔ / ✘

    Regular Attendees

    Adam Dunn           ✔ / ✘
    Robin Prieschl      ✔ / ✘
    Lauro Scott Parkin  ✔ / ✘
    George Ziady        ✔ / ✘
    Ilsoda Musa         ✔ / ✘

Quorum achieved (five of governing board): ✔ / ✘

Apologies:

- No Apologies

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.2 Assign Agenda Headings and Tasks *Everyone*
-----------------------------------------------

- Replace each Agenda Item responsible persons (next to headings) with real
  names. Use the minutes field for this as we don't alter the agenda itself.

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.3. Constitution *Ingrid / Jason*
----------------------------------

Agenda:

- *Ingrid* to edit a Google Docs copy of the constitution with the new
  governing board's details.
- *Everyone* to send their full legal names e-mail and telephone number to
  Ingrid.
- *Everyone* to download, sign and post original signed constitution to the
  Ingrid.

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.4. Handover *Adam -> Renate / Greg -> Inky*
---------------------------------------------

Agenda:

- Treasurer and bank account.
  - Adam transfer to Renate.
    - Big FNB failure with downed comuters caused all of us to lose internet
      banking access to the account. *Riaan* will go figure out what to do.
- Secretary and documentation.
  - Greg will courier documentation to Inky.
- *Riaan* to submit a narrative report.
- *Adam* and *Renate* to submit a financial report.
- *Inky* / *Greg* to submit new board to NPO office.

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.5. Confirm Next Meeting Wednesday 17 February 2016 *Johan / Jason*
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.6. NPO Registration  *Inky / Jason*
-------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- We have a registration!

Tasks:

- *Greg* to collect our forms.
- Registration approved on 8 September 2015.
  - Reference Number: 158-394 NPO
- Once registered:
  - Update stationery and website and announce.
  - *Adam / Treasurer* will arrange an accountant (CA).
  - Annually:
    - Narrative report (first one due in August by Chairman).
    - Financial reports signed by accounting officer.
    - **Changes to board / leadership / constitution should be noted.**

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.7. Metrics for Measuring DASA's Success 2015/16  *Johan / Riaan*
------------------------------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- Reference:
  - [Indicators on GitHub](https://github.com/DrupalAssociationSA/InternalDocumentation/tree/master/Indicators)

Tasks:

- *Johan* and *Riaan* to confirm they and two other people can update metrics.
- *Riaan* to develop JavaScript widget for visual representation.
- Reporting for 2014-15 to be adopted at AGM within 6 months of financial year
  end (i.e. before end August):
  - Narrative report (Chairman)
  - Financial report (Treasurer)
- Our AGM is after this date, can we adopt this at a regular meeting or SGM?
- Outgoing board will need to adopt the report, as they are responsible for it.

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.8. Membership *N/A / N/A*
---------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- New membership structure is *Individual R 150* and *Organisation R 5 000*.
- New creative from *Jason*.
- Website updated, let's promote and sign up!

Tasks:

- *Everyone* to promote and sign up!

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.9. Pastel Online *Renate / Riaan*
------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- *Renate* to sign us up for Pastel Online.
  - *Renate* and *Riaan* to have initial login accounts.

Minutes:

-

================================================================================

2. National User Group Meet-ups
===============================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.1. National *Jason* / *Robin*
-------------------------------

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.2. Cape Town *Jason / N/A*
----------------------------

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.3. Durban *Riaan / N/A*
-------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- *Riaan* to help local *Blaze*, *Renier* and *Mark* start self-organise in
  2016.

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.4. Johannesburg / Bryanston *N/A / N/A*
-----------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- No venue for restart in February.
- No organiser/host either.

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.5. Johannesburg / Parkhurst *Riaan / N/A*
-------------------------------------------

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.6. Pretoria / Centurion *Renate / N/A*
----------------------------------------

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.7. Pretoria / Cape Town (NGO/Government) *Riaan / Johan*
----------------------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- *Riaan*: Will start in March, and will cycle quarterly with Cape Town.

Minutes:

================================================================================

3. Communication
================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3.1. Newsletter (MailChimp) *N/A / N/A*
---------------------------------------

Tasks:

- *Jason* to contact Robin to talk about the newsletter management. We need
  someone that will attend the DASA meetings.
- *N/A* to post an article on groups.drupal.org to explain reasons to
  subscribe to the newsletter:
  - To be notified about the elections
  - Keep abreast with community news, and meetup dates
  - Solicit articles
  - Describe frequency of e-mails
- *N/A* is rebuilding the newsletter with information learnt recently.
- *N/A* is adding a signup form to the website.
- *N/A* will push the development to the live site.
- *N/A* will require content, job openings, meetups, calls for sponsors, write
  up post-meetup, pictures and photos, and to promote the fact that people can
  vote.

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3.2. dasa.org.za & drupalcamp.co.za *N/A / N/A*
-----------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- Gov/NGO Request for Forums and Private Threads.

Tasks:

- *Jason* to make a statement to contrib@dasa.org.za regarding the
  drupalcamp.co.za domain ownership. Registered ownership can by with anyone
  prepared to change ownership of the domain under direction of DASA if
  requested.
  - Alternatively, looks like *Jason* to organise the transfer to DASA (Lee).
- Consider someone suited to the position asking if DASA can purchase the Drupal
  domains for South Africa, drupal.co.za and drupal.org.za, from it's current
  owner.
- In 2016, integrate with social channels so that we don't rely on e-mail,
  meetup.com and GDoSA alone. Unify.

Minutes:

-

================================================================================

4. Administrative
=================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.1. Accounting *Renate / Riaan*
--------------------------------

Bank Account:

- Name: **Drupal Association South Africa**
- Bank: **FNB**
- Branch: **251655**
- Type: **Cheque**
- Number: **62446745492**

Notables since previous agenda:

- Balance: R 36 246.32
- November:
  - R 150 from Inky for T-shirt
  - R 150 from Daniel (Burtronix) for Membership
  - R 150 from Wilhelm (Burtronix) for Membership
  - R 5 000 from Burtronix for Membership
  - R 150 from Charlie (Rogerwilco) for Membership
  - R 5 000 from Rogerwilco for Membership
- December
  - R 100 from Greg for Donation
  - R 300 from Lee for Donation
- January
  - -R 1 998 for Pastel Online Accounting
  - R 100 from Greg for Donation
  - R 300 from Lee for Donation

Tasks:

- *Treasurer* to update this a couple of days before each meeting.
- *Lee* to set up a GitLab account for DASA.
  - Accounting to move to a private repo on GitLab.

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.2. Any Other Business *Everyone*
----------------------------------
*≈ 15 min*

Agenda Notes:

- Anything arising at the meeting or not on the agenda.

Minutes:

-

================================================================================

5. DrupalCamp Gauteng 2016 *Riaan / Renate*
===========================================

Agenda Notes:

- *10 and 11 March 2016*
- *Department of Arts and Culture, Arcadia, Pretoria*
- Trouble confirming venue means we're considering a May date and an
  alternative venue.

Minutes:

-

================================================================================

6. DrupalCamp Cape Town 2016 *N/A / N/A*
========================================

Agenda Notes:

- Any early ideas.
- Authoritative organiser?

Minutes:

-

================================================================================

7. Not Broadcast or Recorded
============================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Any Sensitive Topics *Everyone*
-------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- Any topics that need to be held in confidence.
- No recording and minutes to be kept in print / writing only.
- Example of such items are ones discussed with relation to our constitution:
  - 7: Governing Board
    - 7.11: Confidentiality
      - All matters pertaining to litigation, security measures, contractual
        negotiations, employment matters and any other matters deemed
        confidential by the Governing Board, must be treated as confidential
        and only the actual decisions may be disclosed to the general public.

Minutes:

-

================================================================================
